1. How did designing frames change your understanding of the content you chose?

Our 'content' was not exactly academic (Alladin characters and songs), but at the
same time, it offered an interesting way to experiment with Skinner teaching machines.
I realized pretty quickly that even though the content was simple, the way that questions
are phrased is really important. If you just ask someone something that they have no
frame of reference for (for example: Who sings Prince Ali?), then there is no possible
way they can get the right answer, and similarly it is not an effective way to learn. 
I found that adding in some context and being very thoughtful of how questions are phrased
was the best way to make my frames stronger.

2. What was difficult about breaking knowledge into small steps?

Given that it was a small assignement (only 2-3 frames per person) I think that this was 
not a super applicable part of my thinking process in this assignment. However, I can imagine
that if I was working on a larger-scale Skinner machine, it would be difficult to balance
the small steps with the increasing knowledge base. For example something like Doulingo, where
you learn a couple words a day, you have to review previous days words while slowly adding to
the knowledge base. Therefore you are not just breaking knowledge into steps, but (what I think)
is even more difficult is re-iterating that knowledge at the correct frequency.

3. Skinner claimed teaching machines could replace teachers for factual content. Do you
agree? What can’t this approach do?

I don't think there is hardly any relevance to memorizing facts when it comes to actual learning.
I had a social studies class in high school wehre the professor just gave us facts to memorize and
then tested us with multiple choice/fill in the blank on the content. While I did well at 
memorizing the facts at the time, I couldn't even tell you what periods of history we studied. To
me at least, I don't really see any application of Skinner teaching machines that is better than an
actual teacher. In a pinch, I do think that it could be helpful for teaching factual content in 
areas where teachers/schools are not a viable option. For example, for self teaching coding, I think
a Skinner teaching machine could provide a foundation for syntax and structure, but probably couldn't
teach DSA or something with critical thinking/understanding involved.

4. How might you combine this approach with modern AI (e.g., generating feedback
dynamically)?

I do think that it could be interesting to have an adaptive learning Skinner machine, which
changes the pace of its lessons, the frequency which it re-iterates topics, and even the 
order/content it teaches. The machine could use AI to help decide what to teach next based on
the time and accuracy of the students answers (for example a quick correct answer -> confident
in that subject, move on to more advanced, while a slow or wrong answer -> more iterations of
that content).

5. What would Papert (constructionism) say about this approach to learning?

As an advocate for a creative, learn-by-doing approach, Papert would probably say that Skinner
teaching machines are only programmed for pushing programmed information onto students. Students
then don't have the ability to develop knowledge/understanding organically, but rather are told 
what information they should connect to other information (like an information call and response).